README.md, before:

# LeetCodeSolutions
Repo for my practice leetcode solutions.
#### 🌟 - Best problems to try.

## Problems Solved:
- (4.) Median of Two Sorted Arrays (BAD PROBLEM IMO)
- (11.) Container With Most Water
- (15.) 3 Sum 🌟
- (20.) Valid Parentheses 🌟
- (22.) Generate Parentheses 🌟 (Great Recursion Example)
- (33.) Search in Rotated Sorted Array 🌟
- (42.) Trapping Rain Water 🌟
- (49.) Group Anagrams
- (74.) Search a 2D Matrix
- (84.) Largest Rectangle in Histogram 🌟 (Very Difficult / Monotonic Increasing Stack)
- (125.) Valid Palindrome
- Two Sum Unsorted (Optimized)
- (128.) Two Sum 2 Input Array Is Sorted 🌟
- (150.) Evaluate Reverse Polish Notation 🌟 (Great Stack Example)
- (153.) Minimum Value In A Rotated Sorted Array 🌟 (Weird Use Of Binary Search, will make your brain melt) 
- (155.) Min Stack 🌟
- (217.) Contains Duplicate
- (238.) Product of Array Except Self
- (242.) Valid Anagram 🌟
- (347.) Top K Frequent Element
- (704.) Binary Search (Basic Binary Search Alg Refresher)
- (739.) Daily Temperatures 🌟 (Monotonic Decreasing or Equal Stack Example)
- (853.) Car Fleet
- (875.) Koko Eating Bananas
- (981.) Time Based Key-Value Store (Nice use of classes and binary search)

Commit message:

added answer to buy and sell stock problem as well as updated readme

README.md, after:

# LeetCodeSolutions
Repo for my practice leetcode solutions.
#### 🌟 - Best problems to try.

## Problems Solved:
- (4.) Median of Two Sorted Arrays (BAD PROBLEM IMO)
- (11.) Container With Most Water
- (15.) 3 Sum 🌟
- (20.) Valid Parentheses 🌟
- (22.) Generate Parentheses 🌟 (Great Recursion Example)
- (33.) Search in Rotated Sorted Array 🌟
- (42.) Trapping Rain Water 🌟
- (49.) Group Anagrams
- (74.) Search a 2D Matrix
- (84.) Largest Rectangle in Histogram 🌟 (Very Difficult / Monotonic Increasing Stack)
- (121.) Best Time To Buy and Sell Stock (Sliding Window Introduction)
- (125.) Valid Palindrome
- Two Sum Unsorted (Optimized)
- (128.) Two Sum 2 Input Array Is Sorted 🌟
- (150.) Evaluate Reverse Polish Notation 🌟 (Great Stack Example)
- (153.) Minimum Value In A Rotated Sorted Array 🌟 (Weird Use Of Binary Search, will make your brain melt) 
- (155.) Min Stack 🌟
- (217.) Contains Duplicate
- (238.) Product of Array Except Self
- (242.) Valid Anagram 🌟
- (347.) Top K Frequent Element
- (704.) Binary Search (Basic Binary Search Alg Refresher)
- (739.) Daily Temperatures 🌟 (Monotonic Decreasing or Equal Stack Example)
- (853.) Car Fleet
- (875.) Koko Eating Bananas
- (981.) Time Based Key-Value Store (Nice use of classes and binary search)
